Update BLISS glossary definitions (#1370)
ihmeuw/vivarium_research: docs/source/model_design/general_reference_material/bliss/index.rst

     - *Gender*, on the other hand, is a social construct that refers to the culturally specific 
       expectations, behaviors, and institutions that shape any individual's access to power, 
       privilege, and resources. It can also refer to a gendered individual's internal sense of 
       identity [Ritz_and_Greaves_2022]_.
   * - Undifferentiated sex/gender measure
     - Undifferentiated sex/gender measure is a variable that indicates uncertainty 
       regarding what is being reported. This uncertainty can arise  due to unclearly defined variables 
       in an external data source (e.g., vague survey question that different respondents may interpret differently) 
       or from the compilation of many data sources with clear definitions of 'sex' or 'gender' into one 
       conglomerate sex/gender variable (e.g., GBD "sex" variable).
   * - Sex- and gender-related factors
     - An umbrella term that refers to any and all characteristics related to sex and/or gender (e.g., 
       gamete size, hormone production, reproductive or sexual anatomy, or any so-called 'secondary sex

>        characeristics', like body hair, breast tissue, or body mass index). 

Reviewer: I liked in the old list having one item that was "gender norm" not biological - risk taking. Could we add that here as well?

Reviewer 2: Yes, I think most of these would be considered sex-related factors (though the distinction can be a little fuzzy) so it'd be good to include some clearly gender-related ones.

I've made a suggestion here but feel free to rework as seems right to you!

>      - An umbrella term that refers to any and all characteristics related to sex and/or gender (e.g., 
>        gamete size, hormone production, reproductive or sexual anatomy, or any so-called 'secondary sex
>        characeristics', like body hair, breast tissue, or body mass index). 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     - An umbrella term that refers to any and all characteristics related to sex and/or gender (e.g., 
       gamete size, hormone production, reproductive or sexual anatomy, so-called 'secondary sex
       characteristics' such as body hair or breast tissue, gender identity, gender expression, risk-taking behavior, etc). 
```

>    * - Proxy measure

Reviewer 3: Keeping this general as "proxy measure" seems slightly better to me, but I am fine with you making it the more specific  "sex/gender proxy measure" if you prefer.
